what's up guys it's super from
techsmartt delcom this video is going to
show you guys how to watch live TV on
amazon firetv and any other android
device now first I'll go ahead and give
you a little demonstration of how well
this particular app works so I'll go
into the applications and manage
installed applications and here are my
third party apps that I've installed and
one of them is this one right here
livestream player and I'm going to show
you how it works
there's no way you can use this
application without a mouse and keyboard
so make sure you have those and then you
can slide over the side panel like that
click on live then type the name of a TV
channel so go ahead and type HBO first
and then go to next just as you see on
the screen and there's a whole list of
all the streams of HBO that are
currently available and just have to
choose the right one and you have the
authentic HBO channel but since there's
so many sometimes you have to go through
and pick the right one that's all just
click on it then click play just like
that and there you go go ahead and cut
this out real quick so I don't get any
copyright violations this is just to
show you how the application works so
you just go back to the search the same
way by sliding the panel off from the
side and just type the name of the
channel so like I type Showtime here's a
bunch of different Showtime results you
just have to pick the right one and if
you prompt it to upgrade you can either
choose not now or you can upgrade to the
pro version and you'll have
more features this is an advertisement
so just go to the X you can exit the app
like that once you press the escape
button on the keyboard
okay now I'll go ahead and show you guys
where to get this application from and
it'll work with any Android device as
well as the Amazon fire TV and fire TV
stick so just go over there tech smart
deals comm full-size downloads and
scroll all the way to the bottom number
15 and click on it now when this red
screen appears just click on details
like that and then click on visit this
site and then the download will begin
this is just a little warning message
that's been popping up on my website and
now if you're on the desktop version of
YouTube you can just go ahead and click
right on the screen on the video that's
playing and it'll take you to the how to
install third-party apps in case you're
not familiar with that just go ahead and
check out my other videos showing you
how to install third-party apps onto the
fire TV alright is super from techsmartt
gills comm hope you guys enjoyed this
video today please do me a favor and
click like button also like and follow
at charged iOS and head tech smart gills
on Facebook and Twitter thank you guys
for watching I'll see you in the next
one peace